```
__      __  _             _                       __  __   _
\ \    / / (_)  _ _    __| |  ___  __ __ __  ___ |  \/  | (_)  ___  ___
 \ \/\/ /  | | | ' \  / _` | / _ \ \ V  V / (_-< | |\/| | | | |_ / / -_)
  \_/\_/   |_| |_||_| \__,_| \___/  \_/\_/  /__/ |_|  |_| |_| /__| \___|

```

## Description
### Purpose
PowerShell script to automate and customize the configuration of Windows.

1. install Windows (semi-unattended) + updates
2. run the script
3. finish some customization

### Characteristics
- designed for Windows 11 (most tweaks/settings also works on Windows 10).  
- fully non-interactive script: make sure to review everything before running it.

### Remarks
Documentation files will be added later (probably).  
For now, you can read some comments directly in the source code files.

Example:
 - src > modules > network > private > NetFirewallRules.ps1
 - src > modules > network > public
 - src > modules > telemetry > public
 - src > modules > tweaks > public

## Features
- customize Windows settings (start > all apps > settings)
- tweaks, telemetry, network, power options, system properties, file explorer
- remove default unwanted apps (bloatware)
- install applications (e.g. 7zip, VLC, Web Browser)
- applications settings (including UWP apps like Photos and Notepad)
- configure a RamDisk (Brave Browser / VSCode)
- disable services & scheduled tasks


## Usage
This script requires 'PowerShell Core' and must be run as Administrator.

1.  [Download the script](https://github.com/agadiffe/WindowsMize/archive/main.zip) and **configure it according to your preferences**.  
   It's recommended to use Notepad++ or VSCode to have the code highlighted.

2. Install 'PowerShell Core':  
  In a `Terminal`, enter:
    ```powershell
    PS> winget install --exact --id 'Microsoft.PowerShell'
    ```
3. Open an elevated PowerShell prompt:  
   Right-click on `Start Menu` > `Terminal (Admin)`.

4. Sets the PowerShell execution policies for the current session (enable PowerShell script execution).
    ```powershell
    PS> Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy 'Bypass' -Scope 'Process' -Force
    ```
5. Navigate to the directory where you extracted the script.  
   Example:
    ```powershell
    PS> cd "C:\Users\<User>\Downloads\WindowsMize-main\"
    ```
6. Unblock the script files (might not be necessary).
    ```powershell
    PS> Get-ChildItem -File -Recurse | Unblock-File
    ```
7. Run the script.
    ```powershell
    PS> .\WindowsMize.ps1
    ```
8. Restart (Mandatory for a lot of tweaks/settings).


## Support
If you find a bug, please open an issue.


## TODO
- Autogenerated documenation files (to avoid to have to open each source code files).
- RamDisk Brave: make it works with multiple profiles.
- Brave: add policy configuration.
